README.md, before:

# A2Aop

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.2.7.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).
Before running the tests make sure you are serving the app via `ng serve`.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

update readme with basic explanation

README.md, after:

### Aspect oriented programming example in Angular 2 - 4 -->

This is an example about separation of concerns in Angular applications. This example is quite simple and maybe cannot be a solution for complex problems. Learn more about https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aspect-oriented_programming

This example is about removing infrastructure code from components by applying abstraction and modularity using AOP technique.

The following example is about a component that must contain a list of peoples, simple as that. There are hundreds of approaches but many of them do not apply separation of concerns and code readability.. and probably, if you have to repeat that process in different scenarios you will run duplication and code scattering problems.

##### There we go:

- create a component (AppComponent)
- describe a Pattern (Interface + Advice) of (component that must trigger an ajax request and receive a response)
- create an Interface called (ResourceContainer)
- create behavior (Advice) called (ResourceContainerBehavior)
- create a service that fits that behavior (service must fit Behavior rather than **component needs**)
- our component should implement ResourceContainer
- then our ResourceContainerBehavior should be declared as a trigger of the needed action

##### Explanation

... todo
